导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
干将大讲堂（十五）——File Carving - Challenges and Research Directions
发布者：发布时间：2021-12-03浏览次数：183
时间：2021年12月6日9:30-21:30腾讯会议：217-141-932摘要： It is not unusual that we accidentally deleted an important file or lost files after a computer crash. Also, it is very often that criminals try to hide their wrongdoings by deleting digital evidences (e.g., downloaded illicit images or stolen confidential data or trade secret), which could indict them in the court. Therefore, it has been in high demand to recover deleted or lost files, for example, during an investigation. In this talk, we will discuss technological advances in file recovery techniques. Specifically, we look at file carving techniques, which is the process of reconstructing files based solely on their contents. Also, we identify and discuss major challenges and research issues to be addressed in the development of file carving solutions. For example, privacy concerns may keep many people from assisting with an investigation or seeking professional assistance since they are afraid of embarrassment and humiliation, especially, when sensitive data are involved.  林晓东简介Xiaodong Lin received the PhD degree in Information Engineering from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China, and the PhD degree (with Outstanding Achievement in Graduate Studies Award) in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Waterloo, Canada. He is currently a full Professor in the School of Computer Science, University of Guelph, Canada. His research interests include wireless communications and network security, computer forensics, software security, and applied cryptography. Dr. Lin serves as an Associate Editor for many international journals. He has served or is serving as a guest editor for many special issues of IEEE, Elsevier and Springer journals and as a symposium chair or track chair for IEEE/ACM conferences. He also served on many program committees of international conferences. He was Chair of Communications and Information Security Technical Committee (CISTC) – IEEE Communications Society (2016-2017). He is a Fellow of the IEEE.  主办单位：江苏省网络空间安全工程实验室江苏省计算机信息处理技术重点实验室苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院苏州市人工智能学会机器学习与类脑计算国际合作实验室
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
