导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
IJCAI 2019
发布者：发布时间：2018-10-29浏览次数：6100
WhenAug 10, 2019 - Aug 16, 2019WhereMacau, ChinaSubmission DeadlineFeb 25, 2019Notification DueMay 9, 2019Call For PapersWelcome to IJCAI 2019, the 28th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence. This will be the second time that IJCAI is held in China: the first time was 2013 in Beijing, the capital of this large country. This time, the conference will not take place on mainland China but in a former Western colony. The settlement of Macao by Portuguese navigators in the mid16th century laid the basis for nearly five centuries of uninterrupted contact between East and West. Macao is the single most consistent example of cultural interchange between Europe and Asia; the official languages are Chinese and Portuguese. Having developed into a bustling city with a worldwide reputation in entertainment, Macao is also at the heart of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, which promotes its fast development in IT education, research, and industry in recent years. Macao is easy to travel to: it is connected directly to Hong Kong International Airport and Shenzhen International Airport by high-speed ferry, which is only a 60 minutes journey. The longest bridge in the world connecting Hong Kong and Macao is supposed to be opened in late 2018; this will further reduce the transfer time. Macao International Airport is just located in the city center, about five minutes drive to the hotel and convention centers. Macao can be entered without visa or with one issued on arrival for most countries; visitors from over 200 countries enjoy this policy. IJCAI 2019 will take place in the convention center of the Venetian Macao Hotel Resort, which is located on the Cotai Strip, the heart of modern Macao’s accommodation, event and entertainment offerings. The Cotai Strip is a stretch of reclaimed land that now joins the islands of Coloane and Taipa. It is close to all the major entry points to Macao, by land, sea or air and with easy access to Macao’s many points of historical and cultural interest. Furthermore, it provides modern infrastructure and a choice from thousands of rooms in a suite of hotels, bars and lounges, theatres, shopping malls, etc. Conference delegates will enjoy an evening reception at the beautiful new campus of the University of Macau and a banquet dinner at the world’s largest casino property. Attend IJCAI 2019, and enjoy a unique city where far-east and west meet in long tradition, while taking part in the leading Artificial Intelligence gathering. Don’t miss the opportunity of side visits to Hong Kong and other exciting places close by.
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
