导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
AAAI 2019
发布者：发布时间：2018-05-14浏览次数：669
Call For PapersThe purpose of the AAAI conference series is to promote research in artificial intelligence (AI) and foster scientific exchange between researchers, practitioners, scientists, students, and engineers in AI and its affiliated disciplines. AAAI-19 is the Thirty-Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence. It will continue the tradition of previous AAAI conferences with technical paper presentations, invited speakers, workshops, tutorials, poster sessions, senior member presentations, competitions, and exhibit programs, all selected according to the highest standards. AAAI-19 will also include additional programs for students and young researchers. Topics AAAI-19 welcomes submissions reporting research that advances artificial intelligence, broadly conceived. The conference scope includes all subareas of AI and machine learning. These include (but are not limited to) traditional topics such as search, planning, knowledge representation, reasoning, natural language processing, robotics and perception, multiagent systems, statistical learning, and deep learning. We expressly encourage work that cuts across technical areas, or develops AI techniques in the context of important application domains, such as healthcare, sustainability, transportation, and commerce.As in 2018, the AAAI-19 Program Cochairs have absorbed all former special tracks into the main conference technical program, with provision for distinguished oversight of reviews for these areas. In addition, the cochairs have continued the Emerging Topics program which, this year, will encourage submissions and community building in the area of AI for social impact. Further details are listed below. The full set of AAAI-18 keywords is available on the AAAI-19 keywords page. Emerging Topics This year AAAI-19 especially encourages submissions in the emerging area of AI for Social Impact. Further details are available on the emerging topics page. Author Registration Authors must register at the AAAI-19 web-based technical track paper submission site before they submit their abstracts and papers. The software will assign a password, which will enable the author to log on to submit an abstract and paper. To avoid last-minute congestion, authors are encouraged to register well in advance of the September 8 abstract deadline. Abstract submission will close at 11:59 PM UTC-10 (midnight Hawaii) on September 1, 2018. Final paper submission will close at 11:59 PM UTC-10 on September 5, 2018. Abstract and Paper Submission Abstract submission is required by September 1, 2018. Authors should include a full title for their paper, as well as a complete abstract in the fields provided. Submissions that have “placeholder” (test, xyz, etc.) titles or abstracts (or none at all) will be deleted. Authors of these types of submissions will not be allowed to submit a full paper on September 5, 2018. Papers must be formatted in AAAI two-column, camera-ready style; see the 2019 author kit for details (link available July 2017). Papers must be in trouble-free, high-resolution PDF format, formatted for US Letter (8.5″ x 11″) paper, using Type 1 or TrueType fonts. AAAI submissions are anonymous, and must conform to the instructions (detailed below) for double-blind review. Submissions may have up to 8 pages with page 8 containing nothing but references. For final papers, authors may purchase up to two additional pages in the proceedings (see below for details). The last page of final papers may contain text other than references, but all references in the submitted paper should appear in the final version, unless superseded. The AAAI copyright block is not required on submissions, but must be included on final versions. Electronic abstract and paper submission through the AAAI-19 paper submission site is required on or before the deadlines listed above. We cannot admit submissions by e-mail or fax. Authors will receive confirmation of receipt of their abstracts or papers, including an ID number, shortly after submission. AAAI will contact authors again only if problems are encountered with papers. Inquiries regarding paper receipt must be made no later than September 5, 2018. Submission Limit This year AAAI-19 is enforcing a strict submission limit. Each individual author is limited to no more than 10 submissions to AAAI-19 and authors may not be added to papers following submission. Resubmissions of Substantially Improved IJCAI-17 and NIPS-17 Submissions Authors of declined IJCAI-18 and NIPS-18 submissions may submit substantially improved versions to AAAI-19, optionally accompanied by a cover letter that explains how the revised submission addresses the comments of the IJCAI-18 and NIPS-18 reviewers. Such cover letters should be prepended to the PDF paper submission (cover letter + 7 pages + 1 page reference) and a PDF copy of the full IJCAI-18 or NIPS-18 reviews should be included as supplemental material. Cover letters will be taken into consideration in the AAAI-19 review process. Supplemental Material The length of the main submission is strictly limited as indicated above. Authors may also choose to submit supplemental material as a second file. Examples of supplemental material are proofs of theorems that are stated in the main paper, or video demonstrations. Submissions may reference the supplemental material, but should be self-contained. Reviewers are instructed to make their evaluations based on the main submission, and are not obligated to consult the supplemental material. If proofs or other supplement matter are an important part of the contribution, their essential elements should be included in the main paper. Please be very careful not to violate the blind review requirements in the supplemental material. Those resubmitting substantially improved IJCAI-18 and NIPS-18 submissions must include a PDF copy of their full IJCAI-18 or NIPS-18 reviews as supplemental material. Supplemental material submitted at the time of submission for review will not be published or posted if the paper is accepted for publication. At the time of the submission of a final paper for publication, a different supplemental file is requested, which should contain all files necessary to recompile the accepted paper. Blind Review Instructions Reviewing for the AAAI Conference is blind to the identities of the authors. The first page, on which the paper body begins, should include the title, abstract, content areas, and ID number (if available), but not names or affiliations of the authors. The references should include all published literature relevant to the paper. Acknowledgments of funding or assistance should also be omitted. Submissions should not contain pointers to supplemental material on the web. When referring to one’s own work, use the third person, rather than the first person. For example, say “Previously, Newell (1996) showed that…,” rather than “In our previous work (Newell 1996) we showed that…” Try to avoid including any information that would identify the authors or their affiliations. Such information may be added to the final camera-ready version for publication. Policy Concerning Submissions to Other Conferences or Journals AAAI-19 will not consider any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review for or has already been published or accepted for publication in a journal or another conference. Once submitted to AAAI-19, authors may not submit the paper elsewhere during AAAI’s review period. These restrictions apply only to refereed journals and conferences, not to unrefereed forums (e.g. arXiv.org) or workshops with a limited audience and without archival proceedings. Authors must confirm that their submissions conform to these requirements at the time of submission. Review Process Program committee (PC) members will be matched to submissions based on research expertise and interest. Authors will have a limited opportunity to respond to initial reviews. This author feedback will then be taken into account in the final recommendations and reviews may be changed accordingly. PC reviewers will make recommendations to the senior program committee, who in turn will make recommendations to the program cochairs. The program cochairs will make all final decisions following full consultation with members of the senior PC during this process. Publication Accepted papers will be allocated eight (8) pages in the conference proceedings; up to two (2) additional pages may be used at a cost to the authors of $275 per page. Final papers found to exceed page limits and or otherwise violating the instructions to authors will not be included in the proceedings. Authors will be required to transfer copyright of their paper to AAAI. Accepted papers will be available via the online schedule at the conference. The published archival versions of the papers will be made available in AAAI Digital Library and in hard copy after the conference. Submission of Slides and Videos For 2019, authors of accepted papers will have the option of submitting links to (powerpoint/keynotes/pdf) slides and/or videos. These submissions are purely optional and will help in the selection of oral presentations. This material will also be available to the presentation chair who will work with authors to improve presentation. For 2019, Eugene Freuder is the presentation chair. Conference Registration and Attendance At least one author is required to register for the conference and be available to present the paper, and we encourage all authors to attend if possible. Demonstrations During paper submission, authors will be able to express interest in demonstrating their systems (if applicable) during a demonstration/poster session and describe the features of their intended demonstration. Journal Opportunities A select set of top-rated papers may be nominated for fast track reviewing at participating journals, including the AI Journal (AIJ) and the Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research (JAIR). Nominated authors will be invited to submit extended versions of their AAAI-19 papers for fast-track consideration. Questions and Suggestions Concerning author instructions and conference registration, write to aaai19@aaai.org. Concerning suggestions for the program and other inquiries, write to the AAAI-18 Program Cochairs at aaai19chairs@aaai.org. AAAI-18 Program Cochairs Pascal Van Hentenryck (University of Michigan, USA) Zhi-Hua Zhou (Nanjing University, China)
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
