导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
学术报告
发布者：发布时间：2011-12-29浏览次数：95
报告1: Modeling the Translation of Predicate-Argument Structure for SMT报告人：Dr. Xiong Deyi, Institute for Infocomm Research, Singapore时间：2011年12月30日 10:00-11:00地点：理工楼321会议室报告摘要: Predicate-argument structure contains rich semantic information of which statistical machine translation hasn"t taken full advantage. In this paper, we propose two discriminative, feature-based models to exploit predicate-argument structures for statistical machine translation: 1) a predicate translation model and 2) an argument reordering model. The predicate translation model explores lexical and semantic contexts surrounding a predicate verb to select desirable translations for the predicate. The argument reordering model automatically predicts the moving direction of an argument relative to its predicate after translation using semantic features. The two models are integrated into a state-of-the-art phrase-based machine translation system and evaluated on Chinese-to-English translation tasks with large-scale training data. Experimental results demonstrate that the two models significantly improve translation accuracy.报告2: A Topic Similarity Model for Hierarchical Phrase-based Translation报告人：Dr. Xiong Deyi, Institute for Infocomm Research, Singapore时间：2011年12月31日 10:00-11:00地点：理工楼321会议室报告摘要: Previous work on topic model based approaches for statistical machine translation (SMT) explore topic information on the word level.However, SMT systems have been advanced from word-based translation to phrase/rule-based translation. We therefore propose a topic similarity model to exploit topic information on the synchronous rule level for hierarchical phrase-based translation. We associate each synchronous rule with a topic distribution, and select desirable rules according to the similarity of their topic distributions with given documents. Experimental results show that our model significantly improves the translation performance of hierarchical phrase-based system, and also achieves a better and faster performance than previous approaches that work on the word level.报告人简历: Deyi received the B.Sc degree from China University of Geosciences (Wuhan, China) in 2002, the Ph.D. degree from the Institute of Computing Technology (Beijing, China) in 2007, both in computer science. He joined the Institute for Infocomm Research, Singapore as a research fellow in 2007. Currently, he is a scientist at the institute. His primary research interests are in the area of natural language processing, particularly statistical machine translation, language modeling and parsing.
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
