导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
ICDM 2018
发布者：发布时间：2018-03-30浏览次数：448
ICDM 2018 : IEEE International Conference on Data Mining 					  				Conference Series : International Conference on Data Mining				    				Link: http://icdm2018.org/   				                																When 																Nov 17, 2018 - Nov 20, 2018   																Where 																Singapore   																Submission Deadline  Jun 5, 2018   																Notification Due  Aug 17, 2018   																Final Version Due  Sep 15, 2018           																      Categories    data mining   machine learning                				     					  					Call For Papers     					The IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM) has established itself as the world’s premier research conference in data mining. It provides an international forum for presentation of original research results, as well as exchange and dissemination of innovative and practical development experiences. The conference covers all aspects of data mining, including algorithms, software, systems, and applications. ICDM draws researchers, application developers, and practitioners from a wide range of data mining related areas such as statistics, machine learning, pattern recognition, databases, data warehousing, data visualization, knowledge-based systems, and high-performance computing. By promoting novel, high-quality research findings, and innovative solutions to challenging data mining problems, the conference seeks to advance the state-of-the-art in data mining.  					Topics of Interest 					Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  					Foundations, algorithms, models and theory of data mining, including big data mining. 					Machine learning and statistical methods for data mining. 					Mining from heterogeneous data sources, including text, semi-structured, spatio-temporal, streaming, graph, web, and multimedia data. 					Data mining systems and platforms, and their efficiency, scalability, security and privacy. 					Data mining for modeling, visualization, personalization, and recommendation. 					Data mining for cyber-physical systems and complex, time-evolving networks. 					Applications of data mining in social sciences, physical sciences, engineering, life sciences, web, marketing, finance, precision medicine, health informatics, and other domains.  					We particularly encourage submissions in emerging topics of high importance such as data quality, time-evolving networks, big data mining and analytics, cyber-physical systems, and heterogeneous data integration and mining.  					To see the full CFP: http://icdm2018.org/calls/call-for-papers/
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
