导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
ICDM 2017
发布者：发布时间：2017-02-18浏览次数：455
17th Industrial Conference on Data Mining ICDM 2017	July 12-16, 2017, New York, USA	The Industrial Conference on Data Mining ICDM is held on yearly basis.	Researchers from all over the world will present theoretical and application-oriented topics on Data Mining. Practicioners can present and discuss their ongoing projects in Industry Sessions.	Industrial Exhibition · Best-Paper-Award for Talks and Posters · Workshops: Case-Based Reasoning CBR-MD, DM in Marketing DMM, and B2ML I-Business to Manufacturing and LifeSciences - The Internet of Things and Services.	Important Dates	Deadline Long Paper  New Deadline for Submission of Papers: 15.02.2017 		Notification of acceptance: 18.03.2017 		Submission of camera-ready copy: 05.04.2017  			Please submit the electronic version of your long paper to the CMS-System 	 	Deadline Short Paper and Industry paper 		Submission of papers: 20.03.2017 		Notification of acceptance: 29.04.2017 		Submission of camera-ready copy: 12.05.2017  			Please submit the electronic version of your short or industry paper to the CMS-Short_Paper_and_Industry_Paper_System.   			Topics of the conference 			Paper submissions should be related but not limited to any of the following topics: 			Applications of Data Mining in ...  				Marketing 				Medicine 				E-Commerce (Mining Logfiles) 				Biotechnology 				Quality Management 				Multimedia Data (Image, Video, Text, Signals) 				Web-Mining 				Intrusion Detection in Networks 				Agriculture 				Meterology  			  			Theoretical and Application-oriented Topics in ... 			  			Authors can submit their paper in long or short version. 			Long Paper 			The paper must be formatted in the Springer LNCS format. They should have at most 15 pages. The papers will be reviewed by the program committee. Accepted long papers will be published by Springer Verlag in the LNAI Series in the book Advances in Data Mining, edited by Petra Perner. 			Please submit your Long Paper to the CMS-System. 			Short Paper 			Short papers are also welcome and can be used to describe work in progress or project ideas. They can have 5 to max. 15 pages, formatted in Springer LNCS format. Accepted short papers will be presented as poster in the poster session. They will be published in a special poster proceedings book. 			Please submit your Short Paper and your Industry Paper to the CMS-System. 			Industry Papers 			We encourage industrial people to show their applications and projects for data mining. This work can be presented as poster during the poster session in the special industry track. Please submit a one page abstract including title, name and affilation. 			Please submit your Short Paper and your Industry Paper to the CMS-System. 			Notice that the submission is NOT the registration to the conference! Please fill out the registration form. 			If you have any problem with the submission, please contact via email info@data-mining-forum.de.    						Case-Based Reasoning and Similarity-Based Reasoning 						Clustering 						Classification & Prediction 						Statistical Learning 						Association Rules 						Telecommunication 						Design of Experiment 						Strategy of Experimentation 						Capability Indices 						Deviation and Novelty Detection 						Control Charts 						Conceptional Learning 						Goodness Measures and Evaluation (e.g. false discovery rates) 						Inductive Learning Including Decision Tree and Rule Induction Learning 						Organisational Learning and Evolutional Learning 						Sampling Methods 						Similarity Measures and Learning of Similarity 						Statistical Learning and Neural Net Based Learning 						Visualization and Data Mining 						Deviation and Novelty Detection 						Feature Grouping, Discretization, Selection and Transformation 						Feature Learning 						Frequent Pattern Mining 						Learning and Adaptive Control 						Learning/Adaption of Recognition and Perception 						Learning for Handwriting Recognition 						Learning in Image Pre-Processing and Segmentation 						Mining Financial or Stockmarket Data 						Mining Motion from Sequence 						Subspace Methods 						Support Vector Machines 						Time Series and Sequential Pattern Mining 						Desirabilities 						Graph Mining 						Agent Data Mining 						Applications in Software Testing 						Knowledge Management 						Mining Social Media 						Online Targeting & Controlling 						Behavioral Targeting 						Meteorological Data Mining 						Data Mining in Logistics 						Data Mining in Energy Industry 						Business Intelligence and Data Mining 						Big Data and Algorithm for Big Data 						Legal Informatics and Data Mining 						Data Mining for Logistic and Supply Chain Management
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
