导航
首 页
学院概况
学院简介
历史沿革
现任领导
机构设置
办学资源
联系方式
学科建设
江苏省优势学科
博士点
硕士点
实验室安全
师资队伍
师资概况
教职工名单
导师简介
兼职师资
科学研究
研究中心
自然语言处理研究中心
机器学习与图像处理研究中心
数据科学与工业软件研究中心
网络科学与工程研究中心
人工智能研究院
嵌入式技术及系统能力培养研究中心
科研机构
科研项目
科研论文
知识产权
科研政策
人才培养
博士生
硕士生
本科生
人才培养方案
课程教学大纲
图灵班
国际交流
学生工作
工作队伍
学工通知
学工新闻
规章制度
志愿服务
学生组织
勤工助学
心理健康
职业规划
成长陪伴
党群工作
基层组织
规章制度
专题活动
分党校工作
发展公示
关工委工作
工会工作
ICMLA 2019
发布者：发布时间：2019-03-15浏览次数：807
Conference Series : International Conference on Machine Learning and ApplicationsLink: https://www.icmla-conference.org/icmla19WhenDec 16, 2019 - Dec 19, 2019WhereBoca Raton, Florida, USASubmission DeadlineSep 7, 2019Notification DueOct 7, 2019Final Version DueOct 17, 2019Call For PapersICMLA 2019 aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to present their latest achievements and innovations in the area of machine learning (ML). The conference provides a leading international forum for the dissemination of original research in machine learning, with emphasis on applications as well as novel algorithms and systems. Following the success of previous ICMLA conferences, the conference aims to attract researchers and application developers from a wide range of ML related areas, and the recent emergence of Big Data processing brings an urgent need for machine learning to address these new challenges. The conference will cover both machine learning theoretical research and its applications. Contributions describing machine learning techniques applied to real-world problems and interdisciplinary research involving machine learning, in fields like medicine, biology, industry, manufacturing, security, education, virtual environments, games, are especially encouraged. Contributions describing applications of machine learning (ML) techniques to real-world problems, interdisciplinary research involving machine learning, experimental and/or theoretical studies yielding new insights into the design of ML systems, and papers describing development of new analytical frameworks that advance practical machine learning methods are especially encouraged. The technical program will consist of, but is not limited to, the following topics of interest: statistical learning neural network learning learning through fuzzy logic learning through evolution (evolutionary algorithms) reinforcement learning multi-strategy learning cooperative learning planning and learning multi-agent learning online and incremental learning scalability of learning algorithms inductive learning inductive logic programming Bayesian networks support vector machines case-based reasoning machine learning for bioinformatics and computational biology multi-lingual knowledge acquisition and representation grammatical inference knowledge acquisition and learning knowledge discovery in databases knowledge intensive learning knowledge representation and reasoning machine learning and information retrieval machine learning for web navigation and mining learning through mobile data mining text and multimedia mining through machine learning distributed and parallel learning algorithms and applications feature extraction and classification theories and models for plausible reasoning computational learning theory cognitive modeling hybrid learning algorithms Applications of machine learning in: medicine, health, bioinformatics and systems biology industrial and engineering applications security applications smart cities game playing and problem solving intelligent virtual environments economics, business and forecasting applications, etc. The conference will include a number of interesting keynote plenary talks, which will be announced on the conference web site as arrangements are finalized. Previous invited speakers included numerous fellows of IEEE, AMIA, AAAS, AAAI, etc. Paper Submission High quality papers in all Machine Learning areas are solicited. Papers that present new directions in ML will receive careful reviews. Authors are expected to ensure that their final manuscripts are original and are not appearing in other publications. Paper should be limited to 8 pages and submitted in IEEE format (double column). Papers will be reviewed by the Program Committee on the basis of technical quality, originality, significance and clarity. All submissions will be handled electronically. Accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings, as a hardcopy. Authors of the accepted papers need to present their papers at the conference. A selected number of accepted papers will be invited for possible inclusion, in an expanded and revised form, in some journal special issues. ICMLA'19 Best Paper Award and ICMLA'19 Best Poster Award will be conferred at the conference to the authors of the best research paper and best poster presentation, respectively, based on the reviewers and Programme Committee recommendations.
教学辅助平台
学院经费管理系统（校内）
科研成果申报平台（校内）
省级重点实验室
计算机教学网（校内）
自然语言处理实验室
Copyright 苏州大学计算机科学与技术学院 2018 All Rights Reserved 苏州市十梓街1号
苏ICP备-10229414  苏公网安备 32050802010530号
